improving scrum-page (PR from TinaCMS) (#3531)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Website: content/consulting/dynamics-365.mdx

      alt: SSW Windows Desktop Apps Consulting - Enterprise Software Development
booking:
  title: Need help with <span class="text-sswRed">Dynamics 365</span>?

>   subTitle: We can help merge your CRM and ERP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  subTitle: We can help with your CRM and ERP
```

<VideoEmbed url="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loBH0g6N0zM" caption="Microsoft Dynamics 365 - Case Study" duration="1 min" />

Managing your client relationships is easy with Dynamics 365. It combines

> existing Microsoft products such as Dynamics CRM, Dynamics NAV, and Dynamics AX into one seamless solution. These components work together to allow your company

Reviewer: ```suggestion
existing Microsoft products such in the Dynamics 365 suite (Sales, Customer Service, Business Central, Finance, Marketing, etc.) into one seamless solution. These components work together to allow your company
```

to track customers across the whole life cycle of their interaction with you.

You no longer need to worry about maintaining data across your CRM (Customer Relationship Management) and ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) systems - all the information is seamlessly integrated.

> Dynamics 365 allows you to select only the components and you pay only for the products you use - starting at $50/user per month.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamics 365 allows you to pay only for the products you use - starting at $50/user per month.
```

> Dynamics 365 allows you to select only the components you need and comes in two versions: (Enterprise - More than 250 employees, and Business - 10 to 250 employees).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamics 365 allows you to select only the components and you pay only for the products you use - starting at $50/user per month.```
